# Configuration

The output of docgen can be configured by placing a `docgen.yml` file in the documentation
directory of your repository. This configuration file is processed independently for each
version of your documentation.

## Default redirects
Docgen automatically handles some common redirects for you:
- **Root**: redirects from the root (`/`) to the latest version of your documentation (e.g., `3.x`).
  If the `-dev` flag is enabled, it will redirect to the `dev` version.
- **Version root**: redirects `/{version}` to the first section of that version's documentation.
- **Section root**: redirects `/{version}/{section}` to the first page within that section.

## Custom Redirects
You can override these defaults or define your own custom redirects by adding a redirects
section to your `docgen.yml` file.

### Redirect rules
When defining redirects, keep the following in mind:
- **Relative URLs**: redirects are scoped to the current version. For example, `/foo` will point to `/{version}/foo`.
- **Destination Path**: if the destination is a relative path, it must refer to a file within the documentation
  directory. Docgen will adjust this path to match the compiled output. When redirecting to external URLs, docgen
  will leave the destination path unchanged.

### Examples
Here’s how you might define some common redirects in your `docgen.yml` file:
```yaml
redirects:
  # redirect `/{version}` to `/{version}/Getting Started/Hello World`
  "/": "01. Getting Started/03. Hello World.md"
  
  # redirect `/{version}/Getting Started` to `/{version}/Getting Started/Hello World`
  "/Getting Started": "01. Getting Started/03. Hello World.md"
  
  # redirect `/{version}/github` to `https://github.com/gopxl/docgen/`
  "/github": "https://github.com/gopxl/docgen/"
```
